Title: World War III Video Demo Link: Description: World War III is a version of the classic card game war, coded in an HTML file, with embedded CSS and JavaScript. CSS is used to change the background color of the program, the text color, text alignment, and font. HTML is used to display the title, buttons, players, cards, a card count, a pointer for the winner of each battle, and an image. In JavaScript, the user begins and interacts with the game using a button that randomly shuffles a deck of 52 cards and splits the deck in half. The game begins when my function creates and shuffles a traditional deck of 52 cards with 2 variables, representing both decks. Then I used the “math.random” function to get a random card value and suit, and display 1 card for each player, and determine the winner by the value of the card. Furthermore, there is a hand pointing at the winner of each round, which I implemented through a variable I called “pointer”. I set the variable “pointer” as a hand emoji in HTML and used an “if” clause stating that if the first player’s card value was greater than that of the second player, display the hand emoji pointing at the first player. If there is a tie, the program offers a chance to click the “Retreat” button for peace. I set the “pointer” in this case to not be an emoji but rather instructions for an opportunity to make peace and reset the game. I made the “Retreat” button by stating that “onclick location.reload();” which basically means that when the button is clicked, it reloads the page, which results in a reset of the game. Every time the user clicks the “Next Battle” button, the function repeats itself until one player has all 52 cards, which will then trigger an alert stating that the player won the game. I made the alert in JavaScript utilizing an “if” clause stating that if either player’s remaining cards is equal to 0, to trigger an alert that says the other player wins the game. When a player wins the game and the alert is shown, the “Next Battle” button is disabled. I disabled the button by adding to both “if” statements that after the alert is triggered and the user clicks “OK”, to make disabled equal true. To play my game, download the “war.html” file, and run it in your browser.# CS50-Final-Project
